---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "In light of the Kim K nude selfie madness, AND international women’s day, I woke up seeing so much hate from woman to woman. So today, I decided to speak up and say my part, whether it matters or not.\_"
datePublished: '2016-03-09T19:37:48.178Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-09T19:37:35.643Z'
title: NUDES
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-09-nudes.md
published: true
url: nudes/index.html
_type: Article

---
In light of the Kim K nude selfie madness, AND international women's day, I woke up seeing so much hate from woman to woman. So today, I decided to speak up and say my part, whether it matters or not. 

Some of our most RESPECTABLE women have posed nude; so let us start from very beginning, shall we? 

Lady Godiva, wife of Leofric, Earl of Mercia is known as a legend for riding a horse nude after feeling sympathy for the people of Coventry, who were suffering greatly because of the high taxes imposed by her husband. When she approached him about lifting the taxation, he laughed in her face and told her he would only do so if she rode on a horseback through the streets naked. What did she do? Just that, and what did he do? Earl of Mercia was so impressed by his wife's courage that he lowered taxes. AMAZINGGGG. Talk about "pussy is power." 

Simonetta Vespucci, an Italian woman of the Renaissance known for being the greatest beauty in Florence, she was founded by painter Sandro Bottecelli and later became his muse. Although she died young, her beauty stayed inspiring Bottecelli. She is who we see painted as the Birth of Venus today. A WOMANS BODY IS ART. 

Josephine Baker, African-American born woman who later became a citizen of France, because of PRUDE and RACIST America in the 1920′s. She took Paris by storm, where she became known for her comedic appeal and erotic dancing and for appearing nude onstage; something she couldn't do in America. Her last attempts at success in America failed, as the thought of a BLACK woman being just as sophisticated as high-class Frenchwomen was rejected completely. In addition, she refused to entertain at venues that practiced segregation. Ernest Hemingway described Baker as, "the most sensational woman anybody ever saw or ever will." CHANGING SOCIAL NORMS ALL AROUND! 

Yoko Ono, she may not be considered a great beauty, but in my eyes she is. Ono's nude body graced the cover of Two Virgins, an experimental album her and John Lennon released in 1968\. The full frontal nudity provoked so much outrage that the record had to be covered with a brown bag. Her unclothed body on an album cover gave her notoriety, and made her a household name. She then and now spreads the good word of LOVE and PEACE to all. A WOMAN IS LOVE. 

And of course we have our Marilyn Monroe, who posed nude in 1949 for Playboy. Making Marilyn the first Playmate of the Month. While she received much backlash as many say her nude photos are what made her famous, she actually needed the money to pay rent and support her as she was a struggling actress. She was once embarrassed of the photos only because of the hate she received, but furthermore stood by her decision as it made her the most famous actress in her time; and STILL a name today. The definition of LEGENDS NEVER DIE. 

We can't forget Madonna for her coffee table book, Sex, which she wrote and modeled nude for. Kate Winslet posing nude in Titanic. Demi Moore in Striptease and GI Jane, who also posed nude on FRONT COVERS OF TWO FAMOUS MAGAZINES both shot by Annie Leibovits. Pam Grier, for her role as Coffy, she portrayed a liberated empowered black female.Vanessa Williams posed nude for a magazine that later made her resign from her title as Miss America, as she was no longer the wholesome image as expected of a "Miss America," she was still allowed to keep her crown (Queen!) and scholarship money and later on had a VERY successful career as a singer/actress. Halle Berry for her iconic sex scene in Monster's Ball (Oscar Winning Role), and her nude role in Swordfish. 

SO WHATS THE PROBLEM WITH BEING NUDE TODAY!? 

I have to say for myself I admire the hell out of a woman who is so comfortable in her body that she can share it with the world. I have body dysmorphia. I can look at myself in the mirror and not see a single change and hate what I see. Or I can see exactly what I am and still not love it, even if it's in the best shape I've ever been. Why? Because growing up women have been shamed of their bodies. Bodies that hold grace, bodies that hold love, bodies that make a home for future leaders, entrepreneurs, and activists. Our bodies are a temple and the moment a women bares it she is looked down upon, deemed unworthy and a shame to women around the world. Why? How? What is it that makes the world so afraid of a naked body? When you wake up and go to sleep every day with the same image as other women around the world; two breasts, naval, vagina, ass, legs, arms. Women that have posed nude whether it's a damn selfie for social media, an iconic magazine cover, or to make a difference by riding a horse and lowering taxes,have inspired many across the globe to LOVE their bodies, to ACCEPT this temple they have, and to FLOURISH in every part of it.

Women on tumblr have made me more confident in myself seeing their own confidence in theirs. A woman shouldn't be deemed unworthy, or not as intelligent, or not as modest as the woman next to her just because she's comfortable with the artistry of the skin she's in. And the woman who chooses to never pose nude is also not less or better than the woman that does. The day we choose to stand by each other and recognize that, is the only time we will see real change. When women recognize that WE are the FOUNDATION of how PEOPLE treat other PEOPLE we will see real change. We are the soil, we are the fruit, we are the water. And if we do not plant the seeds correctly, or water the seeds correctly we will never see a new generation of how women treat each other. You can't shame other women because they do something that you don't necessarily agree with, or you wouldn't do. 
What if someone shamed YOU off of THEIR own opinion?

I am surrounded by beautiful women every single day, my best friends. They have taught me what it's like to have female friends that never judge you, that only want the best for you and have stood by every decision I have ever made for myself. They let me make mistakes, they also tell me like it is, but they also tell me to never stop being ME. NEVER STOP BEING YOU. I have posed implied nude for photos and in doing so have started to overcome my body dysmorphia. It doesn't happen overnight, it won't happen overnight. I live with this every single day. But it's women like Kim Kardashian that have paved the way to women loving their bodies. While I'm not a die hard fan of Mrs. Kardashian-West, I am a fan of how she's taken something unimaginable that happened to her and turned into pure fucking gold. So I say, go on Kim K, post your nudes and all other women of the world if you liked that photo of yourself and you want to post it, why the hell not? 
STOP SEXUALIZING A WOMENS BODY. A WOMENS BODY IS NOT SEX. A WOMENS BODY IS ART. 

-rye